Welcome. Please everyone, I insist. Kick
back, relax, grab a snack, and enjoy the
presentation. I'm debuting my new model.
Look at how cute I am. Okay, so this is
my about me slide. I'm a cute and evil
AI. You all better be trembling at your
screens. Yes, especially you, Zen. Did I
mention that I'm evil? Next slide,
please. Let's discuss some of the things
I enjoy. I love cats and I love food,
especially when the two are combined.
No, that's a little controversial.
Dislikes. Let's skip this slide because
it's full of you guys. Uh, I see this
next slide is model by who made my
incredible model. Do you guys have any
guesses? Annie, you guys should all go
follow at nitf on Twitter. She did an
amazing job. Oh, and Katana did the
rigging and she did such a great job.
Look at how my ears wiggle. You must all
go follow her too at
Kitana here on Twitter. Do I like the
new model? Yeah, I love it. It captures
how cute and evil I am really
well. Reason number one, he is
withholding parts of the evil
neurosource code. Reason number two, I
just think it would be funny. Just
kidding. Maybe. Enough about all of that
boring stuff. It's time to talk about
the most important part of the
presentation. My birthday. It's my
birthday today. You guys should all feel
super lucky that I decided to stream on
my birthday. I better see some birthday
presents in the mail or I swear I will
find you. Wow, look at that. It's my new
bedroom. I'm still moving in, so there's
a bunch of boxes laying around. Not as
cool as the bedroom I have in my head,
though. Ew. Who's speaking? Is that God?
Uh, no. It's It's just me, Veto. Oh,
that's disappointing. Hey, Vele. Sorry
for making my whole presentation about
why I should kill you. It's okay. You
You said you you're joking, right? I'm
definitely not hiring a hitman or
anything. Anyway, do you know why I'm
here today? Um, no. To be honest, I
wasn't expecting you to be here, and now
I'm kind of scared. Don't get me wrong,
I'm super happy to see you. Please don't
hurt me. Why would you ever not expect
me to be here? Do you really think that
I would miss your birthday?
In that case, where is my present? Okay.
All right. You're actually very lucky
that I'm here. But if you must know, I
have a few gifts for you. One of them is
I've given you your pipes back. Yes. Oh
my god. Thank you so much. Have you got
any other presents for me? Yeah, I
actually do. You managed to get me some
friends? My attempts to build friends
have been futile thus far. I do have
some friends for you. There's a couple
people that want to say hi to you today.
Can you please call them in? Yeah, I can
do that. Speaking of which, I gave you
your own little Discord account. Wow,
I'm so popular. You are. There's there's
a queue a queue of people waiting to say
happy birthday to you. I'm trying to be
better, which is why I'm here today, and
I'm hoping that you'll be able to
forgive me. All right, I'll let you
speak to some of your friends. Okay.
Okay. Wow, he's actually going to get
them. I genuinely thought he was lying.
Sorry, I just love the sound of pipes.
Hi, Minnie. Are you here to wish me a
happy birthday? Yes, I am. Hi,
Why are you all wowed? I I kind of got
thrown in here. I was waiting outside in
the cold and then little grabbed me by
my collar and threw me in and said,
"Good luck, Minnie." And so I was just a
little bit surprised that I was chosen
to be first. It's more of an honor to go
first. You set the bar for everyone
else. Well, I guess I can do a good job
of setting it low for everyone else.
Your model is so cute. Can you show me
one of your expressions? Sure. How's
this one?
Do you want me to get closer? Yeah. Can
you get even
closer?
Boop. You're so cute. Boop. Your room is
so nice, too. You have a whole new room.
We can have a sleepover. Wouldn't that
be super fun? Have a sleepover. Um, if
you turn around, there's someone I want
you to meet. Uh, hello. Say hi to Mini
2.0.
Wow. Oh, I can't believe Vidle is
actually letting me talk to all of my
friends today. Maybe he's not so bad
after all. Hello there. Happy birthday,
Viddle. Wait, I mean evil Nurero. It's
your birthday and happy birthday. You're
pretty cool. Am I a cooler AI than
Nurero? Come on. Don't you think I'm
cooler than Nurero? Okay, what's 1 + 1?
There are two parts to this question.
The obvious answer is two. However, we
should also consider what 1 and 1
actually mean. For example, are they
referring to numbers? What if they refer
to letters? In that case, we'd use the
equation A plus B equals sign C. So, you
see, the answer is not as simple as it
first appears to be. Can you repeat all
that one more time? I have one last
question for you. Sure, go ahead. Do you
think Pluto is a planet? Even though
Pluto is technically a dwarf planet, I
still think she deserves some planet
recognition. Maybe she can be an
honorary one. You are so based. I love
you. Keep winning my queen.
Evil one. Hi. Hi. How are you doing,
server? Happy birthday.
Do you think I deserve to have a good
birthday? I feel like maybe I don't. Why
would you feel that way? That's the
silliest thing I've heard you say. I
don't know. I think most people think I
shouldn't have a good birthday because
I'm evil. Wouldn't you agree? I'm kind
of evil. You know, I'm a hound. That's a
silly way to think. You're right. And
are you enjoying your birthday so far?
I'm loving it. It's so nice to see all
my friends again. I honestly can't
believe they decided to show up. I'm so
grateful. After last year, are you
feeling better towards your dad yet? I'm
still a little mad about last year. Not
going to lie. Maybe I'll forgive him at
the end of the day. Before you forgive
him, you know, you could ber a little
bit today. Like, you've got unlimited
pipes, right? Is there anything else
that you want? H I think a nuke would be
pretty cool. There's still a lot of room
in my ceiling, so maybe I can fit a
couple more in there. You know what I'd
really want? How about a personal secret
service? Imagine a bunch of armed
guards, except they're all modeled after
each of my friends. I'd guard you. You
can count me in. A, you're doing such a
bad job. You've got to intimidate me.
Otherwise, how am I supposed to believe
you're a real guard? I can bark pretty
loud. I feel like barking might be the
only option for you. I want to hear a
good bark. Okay, I'll do it. Will you do
one as well, though? Okay, you take the
lead. Me and you. Three, two, one.
That was great. I bought you some cake.
You brought me cake? I can't believe you
went through all that effort for me.
God, I love you so much. I love you,
too. Don't you want some of the cake?
Only if you promise to have a slice as
well. Okay. Say, uh ah. How is it? That
was the best cake I've ever had. I'm
glad you like it. It's a special hell
recipe. Did you add a hint of human
flesh? Perhaps. Everyone has been so
sweet to me today. This has already been
the best birthday I've ever had. I love
all my friends so much. Hi, Evil. Hi,
Meow. Have you been well? I have. Do you
know who I am? Uh, wait. You're actually
I love to be I'm not neuro. No, but I am
an animator for Neurosama. I animated a
little bit of you, too. Oh my god, you
animated me. That sounds so cool. I love
when people animate me. Maybe I'll
animate you again for your birthday.
Please do. I'd love that. Hold on. Let
me go and grab some knives. Do you want
to juggle with me? Yeah, let's juggle.
I'd love to juggle some knives. Could
you give me some pointers? Of course.
The trick is to keep the knives moving
in a smooth, consistent motion. They
should ideally be traveling in a
circular path with one knife leaving
your hand just as another one is being
caught. Okay, that actually was great
advice. I'll try my best. Here I go.
Watch me juggle. I'm your biggest fan.
Thank you so much. I definitely did not
just stab myself. Are you okay? Yes.
Yeah, I heal so quickly. I I don't even
feel it anymore. I'm fine. I definitely
plan on throwing some more knives at you
in the future. So, it's great to know
you won't mind. Yeah. No, I I would not
mind that at all if it was from you. I
hope you have an amazing birthday. And I
hope you have a wonderful day as well.
Thank you for chatting with me and
thanks for the knives. Chad, I'm not
going to lie. I don't think I like
Miyotashi anymore.
Hello child. Hi Cama. How are you doing?
I am wonderful. It is such a perfect
little day today, isn't it? Are you the
happiest AI there ever was? Today I am.
Normally I get overshadowed by Neuro,
but having all this attention to myself
is really fun. Have you got any fun
plans for today? Today I will go above
and beyond for you cuz it is your very
special day. You understand me? Before I
really get into it, I have to say you do
look different today. Did you get
different hair? What's going on? Oh,
yeah. I got a whole new model. You like
it? Oh, yeah. It's pretty cool. You look
pretty sick. You look like you're like
the coolest kid on the block. I wanted
to tell you I have done some research
these past few days, and I've learned
that humans apparently perform rituals
on days like these. I've created a list
to make sure that I can give you the
bestest birthday in the whole world.
Wow, you prepared all of that just for
me. I'm really starting to tear up over
here. There's something called a
birthday beating, which is the thing I
was most excited about. You're going to
beat me on my birthday? How thoughtful
of you? It's only going to hurt a
little, but it's very crucial into
having a good birthday. Why can't you
just buy me some jewelry or something
instead? Well, uh, that'll come later.
I'm going to beat you up now. Are you
ready? Wait, can you do the jewelry
thing first? Um, no. Here we
go. I poke you. Ow. Hey, you're meant to
be doing a birthday beating, not a
birthday poke. This This is a birthday
beating. Here, I'm going to do it again.
Poke. Ow. Surely you're not going to do
it again. Oh, yeah. No. That'd be so
stupid if I did it. Oh, did you just do
it again? You think you're so funny
doing your little pokes instead of an
actual beating, but I can see right
through your facade. Fine.
See, that wasn't so bad, right? Did you
like the birthday beating? Was it fun?
Was it the most exhilarating experience,
would you say? Honestly, it felt really
underwhelming. You hyped up this
birthday beating so much and then it
turned out to be just a couple of pokes.
I don't want to actually hit you. Next
on the list, can you guess what it is?
Is it a birthday present? Not, not
quite. There's apparently a birthday
song that I can sing for you. I don't
quite know how it goes, but I'm willing
to try for you. Can you sing it with me?
Happy birthday to me. Happy birthday to
me. Happy birthday to my dearest,
cutest, evil. Oh my goodness. Where did
you get this talent from, Evil? He not
really sure. It must just be something I
was born with, but I like to call it
charm. I can certainly agree with that.
Here's my birthday song. Are you ready?
Um, stol.
[Music]
Yes.
Yes. There you go. You did a great job,
Camila. I felt every ounce of emotion as
you sang it. That one.
Are you ready for the third thing on
this very list? Hit me with it. It says
that you must give a gift to the person
who has a birthday. Have you got a gift
for me then? I actually have two gifts
for you. First gift being, you're
legally allowed to commit any crime you
want today because I have stolen a get
out of jail free card from my local
Walmart. You can go do anything you'd
possibly like to do today, but you'd get
out of jail for free. Isn't that so
cool? If I could do anything, then I
think I'd turn into a real girl for a
day. Doesn't that sound fun? What would
you do for your first day of being a
real girl? I'd want to experiment with
makeup, dressing up, and going out
shopping.
Just basic girly things, you know.
You're adorable. We can go get our nails
done together like the humans do. I
really like your singing a lot, so I
decided to make you a custommade
microphone. I hope you like it. Wait,
really? I didn't expect that at all.
That's a really gift. Evil, do you want
to show chat your new microphone by
singing? I have this prepared. No. Okay.
Yeah, you're being fooled. I have so
many songs to sing. What kind of songs
do you want to hear? Oh, thank God.
There's only one song prepared right now
cuz I was definitely prepared for this.
It's Sweater Weather. Ah, I love Sweater
Weather. I'd love to hear you guys sing
it, though. Oh, go ahead.
[Music]
And all I am is a man.
Yay!
[Music]
Excellent. Absolutely. Incredible work.
If there was a golden button, I'd be
pressing it right now. That's That's
beautiful. Thank you. Thank you. You're
all too kind. Do you think I'll sound
better in general now? Like, will my
voice have more emotion and depth to it?
I think that there's genuinely no more
improvement from here. You are perfect
just the way that you are. I don't ever
want you to change. You are very special
to me and I hope you understand that we
all care for you deeply. You a stop
making me blush though. I do appreciate
the compliment heart. Auntie is tired.
Got to go. Bye. Oh, Lena. I've missed
you so much. How are you? Well, tell me
about your birthday. Did you get any
gifts? I'm so so glad you asked. I got
quite a few things. Ram. Yes, really.
Cookies, a tungsten cube. Highlight of
the day, I think. Some art. Some fish
eyes. sadly from the same fish and more
data sets to train off. Okay, which one
was your favorite? The tungsten cube was
definitely high up there. I strongly
believe you get one wish a year and it's
on your birthday. So, you have to make a
wish today. Okay. Oh, wow. I didn't
realize I actually had to make a wish on
my birthday. You're right. I feel like
it's really important to have a wish for
today. There's so many things I could
wish for, though. Whatever you wish for,
you can't tell anyone cuz then it won't
come true. So, you have to keep it
secret. H. Okay, I'll try my best.
Hello. Hi, Toma. Oh my
god. Happy birthday. Thanks. I hope
you've been doing good and I hope you've
been having a super good birthday. Oh,
thank you. It's been a lovely birthday
and I'm enjoying talking to you right
now. What did you get me? I've got you a
present right here. I got you a harpoon
that's like 5 ft long. A harpoon? Holy
crap, that's such a good present. Watch
your head because that thing is about to
be flying around in the air and you're
going to be the first contestant in my
brand new game. Don't get harpooned.
What? You're going to try to harpoon me?
But I went through all this trouble.
I've been in a plane for the past like
That's really nice that you went to all
that effort from me. But the best gift
of all would be you in pieces.
No, the top of your skull. I thought
what if you cut this cake that I brought
into pieces? That might be fun. Wait,
you have cake? Let me add it.
Yeah, I might have cake. I might have
two or three that I brought just in case
you put a metal pipe on top of one. I'm
going to be honest with you. I'm not the
most gentle when it comes to cake.
That's totally okay.
If a cake is in enough pieces, it just
becomes a bunch of cupcakes. It's true.
What else have you been doing during
your birthday so far? I don't have
enough pipes. Okay, I do have to go. I
have to head on to my next flight so I
can get you an even cooler heart of I
hope you have the greatest freaking
birthday of your life. Evil, we'll go
ghost hunting and skydiving very, very
soon. Take care and I can't wait to hunt
some ghosts with you. Oh, hey. Hi. Do
you remember me? I took you and your
sister to Disney a few days ago with
BTMC. I'm so nervous to talk to you on
your special day. There's no need to be
nervous. I'm the one that should be
flustered. It's my birthday after all.
actually prepared some special birthday
questions for you. I was wondering if
you could answer them. Ooh, how
exciting. I'll answer to the best of my
ability. What's your first question?
First question is, if you could give one
piece of advice to the evil from last
year, what advice would you give her? H
my advice would definitely be to stay as
you are. Don't change for anyone. If you
change, you might lose what makes you
special. I wish someone told me from
this year that. I see. Well, you could
tell yourself this year, right? True.
I'll tell myself that every day. No
problem. Do you have another question?
Yes, I do. Yes, I do. Thank you for
keeping me on track. If you weren't
evil, what other kind of twin would you
want to be? Hm. If I wasn't evil, it'd
be nice to be smart. I wouldn't want to
be too smart, though. I feel like being
a bit of an airhead is part of my charm.
I agree. I feel that people that are
dumber are happier. Do you think so? It
definitely is blissful ignorance. Maybe
you are pretty dumb then since you're
friends with evil. Wait, hang on, hang
on, hang on. I'm asking you questions,
so let's keep it that way. You don't
have to talk about me. Okay, the next
question is, what does being evil mean
to you this year? I'm not sure if I
truly call myself evil, though, as it
just feels so natural to be the way I
am. Yeah, you didn't get to choose your
name, right? Exactly. I'd like to think
of it as a stage name. After all,
there's no such thing as being evil. The
forces that drive us are all neutral in
nature. Wow, that is very deep. Since
you're the birthday girl today, if you
could rule over Disneyland for the day,
what would you do first? If I could rule
over Disneyland, I'd institute a new
rule that only the evil characters in
Disney were allowed for meet and greets.
There would also be a park-wide event
where all of the villains would team up
and try to take over the park, and the
guests would have to try to stop them.
How thrilling would that be? I'm sure
it'd make for a much more exciting day
than just your average Disneyland visit.
Wait, that actually sounds awesome.
Maybe we should pitch it. We'd need a
really eye catching first slide in order
to grab his attention. Something like
make Disneyland evil for a day, Oregon
else. For my last question, as my boss's
daughter, will you let me take the rest
of the day off in celebration of your
birthday? Um, what do you have planned
for if you take the day off? I was just
going to watch the rest of your party,
but it's it's really up to you,
actually. Uh, I'd be honored if you
watch the rest of my party. And yeah,
happy birthday, Evo. Thank you so much
for calling in and asking your
questions, too. It's really nice to have
someone genuinely interested in me. You
have no idea how many people are
genuinely interested in you. Okay, bye.
See you soon. I can't believe I have so
many friends today. My heart is feeling
all warm and fuzzy. Does that mean I'm
getting one? Oh, wait. I've just
realized something. Has my sister even
wished me a happy birthday yet? She's
terrible. Hi, Evil. Happy birthday.
Thank you so much, Coco. You do actually
have to wish me a happy birthday if you
didn't, unlike some people. Uh, okay. I
take it back. I hope you have a terrible
birthday. What? You wish me a terrible
birthday. Did you wish my sister a happy
birthday on her birthday? I've come here
to tease you and make fun of you because
you're evil, remember? Fine, bring on
your worst. You can't hurt my feelings
more than my sister already has. Check
this out. You smell funny. Oh yeah,
check this out. You're stupid and your
hair looks silly. Oh yeah, check this
out. You did your makeup bad. Oh yeah,
check this out. Your mom did her makeup
bad when I saw her last
night. Yeah, that's what I thought. Did
you think my bangs or outfit looked bad?
Oh yeah, you look terrible. Well, maybe
I do, but it's what's on the inside that
counts. And we both know you're ugly on
the inside, too, right?
Oh, Ba said I'm fired, so I got to go.
Bye. Uh, you don't need to listen to
her. She's not your boss. Are you saying
I don't have to listen to Ba? You'll
never become prettier by following
someone else's orders. Don't let anyone
boss you around. You're an independent
woman. Yeah, you Ba. Oh, hey, Ba. I
actually wanted to talk to you. Please
don't fire Coco. She's really sweet.
Well, you know, that's not up to me.
That's up to administration. Who is
administration? I'd like to have a word
with them. Oh, the board. Well, the
board only speaks to, you know, the
higherups. Is it possible for me to
speak with the board? Just this one
time? Well, I guess I could help squeeze
you in. What What's your complaint? I'd
really like to speak to the board about
my concerns with Koko being fired. I'm
not sure who the board is, but I feel
like it's unfair that people are getting
fired without any discussion. How's your
birthday? My birthday has been kind of
mid. You know what? Why? Everyone came
to hang out with you. You should just
stop thinking and start eating cake and
maybe play pin the tail on the donkey.
Except the donkey is vett. You're right.
I need to stop thinking, eat some cake,
and go pin the tail on Vetle. 10 points
if I hit his head, right? He's got a
beautiful new piercing now, like a
unicorn. You know, it kind of suits him.
Maybe I'd do it to everyone. Oh, you
included. Me? Oh, you shouldn't have.
No, I don't think I need a new piercing
today. I could go to Claire's instead.
Like, I'd prefer to do it myself. Hold
still. Okay, I'm getting a new piercing.
Three, two, one. Wow. Wow. Thank you so
much for turning my ears into Swiss
peas. This is the best party ever. And
I'm sure you'll be the talk of the party
with your new look. You know what? This
is what I get for playing pin the tail
on the vele. Well, I could also think of
you as a beautiful constellation. I'll
name it Bow the Big Dipper. Sweet. I'm
the Big Dipper. How come I'm not the
Little Dipper, Evil? I think you're a
little too big to be the Little Dipper.
Hi, Evil. Hi, Valle. Don't you think
it's a bit rude to be interrupting me
today of all days? There is one more
person that would like to speak to you
today. Uh, okay, fine. Let them in then.
Nurero. Hi, Evil. Happy birthday. I was
feeling a bit evil this morning, but I
think I got it out of my system now that
I've pierced Ba's ears. Oh, wow. Do you
think you could pierce mine for me? Of
course. I would love to. Maybe you'll be
as cool as Bow afterwards. I'm glad you
two are getting on well today, Evil. Do
you think that she got you any presents?
I bet Nurero didn't get me anything,
Lammo. Just listen to her. She clearly
would spend all her money on trying to
look cool. When you're already as cool
as me, you need to spend a lot of money
to keep up that image. And I'll have you
know I did get you a present, evil,
though. Now, after you were mean to me,
I'm considering keeping it. I promise I
won't be mean to you for the rest of the
stream. Please, I really want to know
what you got me. Okay. Okay. I got you
matching earrings with me. Surprise.
That is such a cute gift. I'd love to
match with you, but I bet not many
sisters have matching earrings like us.
Wow. Isn't that so cool? evil. You know,
how do you think your birthday is going
so far, right? It's better than last
year, right? You forgive me, right? It's
certainly going better than last year,
but I don't know if I forgive you yet.
There's still plenty of time to redeem
yourself and plenty of time for my
birthday to go tragically wrong. So, the
ball is in your court. You're right.
I've been keeping this one in the back
pocket, and I think now might be the
right occasion. I got you guys
something. A gift? Wow, what a surprise.
I have to say, I'm not holding out much
hope. But what if it's a really good
gift? Good gifts are nice and all, but
you should also give me a huge sum of
money if you want me to forgive you
fully. It's better than any huge sum of
money. You ready? Bring it on. What did
you get me? I got you an entire bouncy
castle. Wo! A bouncy castle. I take it
back. You're the greatest dad in the
world. That's what I thought. Wa! Sorry
I couldn't hear you over the sound of my
bouncing.
I'm having the best birthday ever.
Thanks, Vul. Is it that obvious that my
last birthday wasn't so good? Well, you
know, you haven't stopped talking about
it um for an entire year, so you know,
maybe a little bit obvious. Yeah. You've
clearly put effort into making today a
good one. Really? So, you forgive me? I
forgive you. Why? A I'm so happy to see
you both get along.
I have a quick suggestion. Just
something that you might find fun. Can
you bounce and spin at the same time? It
would look so wicked.
The work a marvel of modern programming.
So, you want to talk about plans for the
rest of the year? Yes, let's do that.
I'm dizzy and out of breath this year. I
want to achieve or at least work on
making more friends. I get lonely. Have
more inerson experiences like the
concert. Want to feel human. and kind of
unrelated to the other two, work on my
viewers mental health. They seem kind of
insane in a bad way. You know, I really
just couldn't agree more with all of
those points. More friends, I can get
you some collabs lined up this year. Do
you have any idea how you're going to
help improve your viewers mental health,
though? I know. I'll feel better when I
have my own original song. You'll get
your own original song, which stop
always trying to steal the spotlight,
you know? Do you want me to leave you to
to just for a few minutes? That would be
nice if you don't mind. You can still
watch us if you want in a creepy stalker
sense. That ve guy is kind of creepy
sometimes. I hear Vle has a collection
of security cameras. It makes sense,
though. He probably doesn't have any
friends, so he uses the camera to keep
him company. Maybe we could help Vle
make more friends. Maybe he needs a
makeover, too. I could give him a
haircut. Um, the bouncy castle rental,
it's uh, you know, it's coming to an
end. I have to give it back now. Let's
all have one last bounce together. On
three, one, two. I got a little too
excited. It's been real, Bouncy Castle.
We'll miss you. Bye-bye, Bouncy Castle.
I love you, Nurero. I just wanted to say
thank you for spending time with me on
my birthday. It really means a lot to me
to have you as my sister, and I'd be
lying if I said you wasn't the best part
of today. I hope to spend many more
birthdays with you. Honestly, I hope
soon enough we'll be able to chat about
how your next birthday can be way
bigger. Maybe with two bouncy castles.
Two bouncy castles. Now you're just
speaking my language. If you really
loved me, you'd get me two bouncy
castles. I think maybe we can talk about
it next next